fix: adds a full hpa example with some notes on memory (#37365)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/getting-started/getting-started-scaling-and-tuning.adoc

When using the embedded Infinispan cache cluster, dynamically adding or removing cluster members requires Infinispan to perform a rebalancing of the Infinispan caches, which can get expensive if many entries exist in those caches.
To minimize this time we limit number of entries in session related caches to 10000 by default. Note, this optimization is possible only if `persistent-user-sessions` feature is not explicitly disabled in your configuration.

On Kubernetes, the Keycloak custom resource is scalable meaning that it can be targeted by the https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/[built-in autoscaler]. For example to scale on average CPU utilization:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: autoscaling/v2
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: keycloak-hpa
  namespace: keycloak-cluster
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: k8s.keycloak.org/v2alpha1
    kind: Keycloak
    name: keycloak
  minReplicas: 2
  maxReplicas: 10
  metrics:
    - type: Resource
      resource:
        name: cpu
        target:
          type: Utilization
          averageUtilization: 80
----

> NOTE: Scaling on memory is generally not needed with persistent sessions enabled, and should not be needed at all when using remote Infinispan. If you are using persistent sessions or remote Infinispan and you experience memory issues, it is best to fully diagnose the problem and revisit the <@links.ha id="concepts-memory-and-cpu-sizing" /> guide - adjusting the memory request/limit is preferable to horizontal scaling.

Reviewer: The internal Infinispan is Infinispan in upstream and downstream. The external Infinispan is Red Hat DataGrid downstream. 

The last sentence leaves out the why, still I'd be ok to merge it as is.

```suggestion
NOTE: Scaling on memory is generally not needed with persistent sessions enabled, and should not be needed at all when using remote {jdgserver_name}. If you are using persistent sessions or remote {jdgserver_name} and you experience memory issues, it is best to fully diagnose the problem and revisit the <@links.ha id="concepts-memory-and-cpu-sizing" /> guide. Adjusting the memory request and limit is preferable to horizontal scaling.
```
